# Oops! That page doesn’t exist or is private.

[Log In](https://devtalk.blender.org/login)

## Popular

[AI Contributions Policy](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/ai-contributions-policy/44202) [Technical Feedback](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/technical-feedback/31)

[Grease Pencil: New Fills Workflow](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/grease-pencil-new-fills-workflow/44106) [Feature & Design Feedback](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/feature-design-feedback/30)

[Looptools \[Design Proposal\]](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/looptools-design-proposal/44122) [Feature & Design Feedback](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/feature-design-feedback/30)

[2026-01-19 Modeling Module Meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-01-19-modeling-module-meeting/44058) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[2026-01-19 Asset Workshop](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-01-19-asset-workshop/44056) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[Built a multi-agent system on top of Blender’s Python API and sharing architecture learnings for the MCP discussion](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/built-a-multi-agent-system-on-top-of-blenders-python-api-and-sharing-architecture-learnings-for-the-mcp-discussion/44260) [Contributing to Blender](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/contributing-to-blender/29)

[2026-02-03 Render & Cycles Meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-03-render-cycles-meeting/44223) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[2026-02-12 Compositor Meeting Notes](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-12-compositor-meeting-notes/44313) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[2026-01-30 Projects Updates meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-01-30-projects-updates-meeting/44177) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[Switching from C++17 to C++20](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/switching-from-c-17-to-c-20/44166) [Announcements](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/announcements/27)

[More…](https://devtalk.blender.org/top)

## Recent

[23 February 2026 (Upcoming)](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/23-february-2026-upcoming/44335) [Weekly Updates](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/announcements/weekly-updates/14)

[2026-02-13 Projects Updates meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-13-projects-updates-meeting/44333) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[2026-02-16 Viewport & EEVEE module meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-16-viewport-eevee-module-meeting/44332) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[Issue with opening pull request for my code](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/issue-with-opening-pull-request-for-my-code/44329) [Contributing to Blender](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/contributing-to-blender/29)

[2026-02-10 Animation & Rigging module meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-10-animation-rigging-module-meeting/44314) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[2026-02-12 Compositor Meeting Notes](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-12-compositor-meeting-notes/44313) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[2026-02-12 Platforms & Builds module meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-12-platforms-builds-module-meeting/44307) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[Adding sublist to a list](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/adding-sublist-to-a-list/44294) [Technical Documentation](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/documentation/technical-docs/26)

[2026-02-10 User Interface Meeting](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/2026-02-10-user-interface-meeting/44290) [Meetings](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/meetings/28)

[Example workload exercising the \`memarena\` and \`mempool\` custom arena allocators](https://devtalk.blender.org/t/example-workload-exercising-the-memarena-and-mempool-custom-arena-allocators/44286) [Contributing to Blender](https://devtalk.blender.org/c/contributing-to-blender/29)

[More…](https://devtalk.blender.org/latest)

Search this siteSearch